

网校：www.233.com  2017年6月大学英语六级真题及答案文字版整理 作文一：国内国外上大学   Directions: Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to attend college at home or abroad, write an essay to state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.   参考答案   Nowadays, there has been a heated discussion as to a better choice between attending college at home and abroad. Views on the topic vary greatly among people from different walks of life. Some believe that it is a better choice to study in domestic colleges, but others consider it better to study abroad. I totally agree with the latter idea for the reasons presented below. To begin with, it harms the society in that the greater the competition is, the higher the recruitment requirements will become. Therefore, with experiences of studying abroad, graduates will become more competitive in job hunting. Furthermore, it is beneficial to the students themselves to study abroad. Without the choice to pursue overseas study, many great scholars today would never have achieved such great success. From my perspective, it is crucial that the government should encourage people to pursue overseas study. Also it is crucial that people should understand the meaning and value of attending college abroad. Only in this way can we achieve greater success. 作文二：文科还是理科   Directions: Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to major in humanities or science, write an essay to state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.   参考范文：   Living in a world which is full of changes and challenges,we are confronted with new problems every single day. Of all the issues, one might concern the high school graduates the most, and it is if there are two options: to major in science or humanities. As for me, I prefer the latter.   Why,you may wonder, should I prefer to major in humanities. The reasons responsible for it can be listed as follows .   Among the most important reasons cited by people is that to major in humanities，directly or indirectly，can not only enrich our basic knowledge about the diversified culture but also sharpen one’s insight in daily routine，which is of great importance in one’s growth.   What’s more, to study humanities can give us an independent personality and a deeper vision towards the world, if it were not for those two attributes, how could we achieve great goals in this dog-eat-dog world.   Above all, in such a society where emphasis，more often than not，is laid on the depth of one’s thought, to choose humanities as one’s major, must be the best way .   To major humanities, so at least it seems to me, is preferable for college students, if they had the chance, in the process of which we will develop an innovative thought mode. As a proverb goes ,there is no difficulty that an innovative thought mode can not solve, no door that an innovative thought mode can not open, no mountain that an innovative thought mode can not surmount. 作文三：选择综合类大学还是职业   Directions: Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to attend a vocational college or a university, write an essay to state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.   参考范文：   With the flourish of education industry, modern students are faced with more alternatives to continue their further education. Both attending a vocational college or a university serves as two main options for the high school graduates. In terms of which to choose and what to be taken into consideration, I shall advise as follows:   Primarily, self-orientation matters the most when it comes to a issue like this. Obviously, the main task of vocational college is cultivating human resource with practical capability. 

网校：www.233.com Instead, university serves as the cradle of academic researchers in different areas. Therefore, being aware of your self-expectation with a clear future blueprint lays a foundation for this important decision.   Apart from what has been mentioned above, personal interest also plays a key role in it. For both passion and motivation are derived from interest, which not only decide how far you can reach academically and professionally but also how happy and fulfilled you will be .   To sum up, a clear recognition of self orientation and personal interest will decide whether you will tick the box of vocational college or university. Only in this way can we get the most out of the further education. 翻译一： 唐朝始于618年，终于907年，是中国历史上最灿烂的时期。经过三百年的发展，唐代中国成为世界上最繁荣的强国，其首都长安是世界上最大的都市，这一时期，经济发达，商业繁荣，社会秩序稳定，甚至边境也对外开放，随着城市化的财富的增加，艺术和文学也繁荣起来。李白和杜甫是以作品简洁自然而著称的诗人。他们的诗歌打动了学者和普通人的心，即使在今天，他们的许多诗歌仍广为儿童及成人阅读背诵   普通版：   ? Tang Dynasty started in 618 and ended in 907. It was the most glorious time in Chinese history. After developing for 300 years, Tang became the most prosperous country in the world. Its capital, Chang’An, was the biggest city in the world. At this time, economy was developed. Commerce was prosperous. Social order was stable. Even the borders were open to other countries. With urbanization and growing wealth, art and literature also thrived. Li Bai and Du Fu were famous poets. They were famous for their concise and natural works. Their poems touched the hearts of scholars and ordinary people. Even today, many children and adults are still reading and reciting their poems.   进阶版： ? Initiated from AD 618 to AD 907, the Tang dynasty was regarded as the most glorious period of Chinese history. After developing for 300 years, China in Tang dynasty became the most prosperous country in the world, and its capital Chang’an the biggest metropolis. China in this period enjoyed a splendid era with overwhelmingly developed economy and commerce, and the social order also remained stable, even the borders were open to other countries. With the development of urbanization and the accumulation of wealth, art and literature also thrived. Famous poets like Li Bai and Du Fu were known for the concise and neat language in their works. Their poems touched everyone, ranging from scholars to ordinary people. Even today, their poems are still being read and recited by both children and adults. 翻译二   宋朝始于960年，一直延续到1279年。这一时期，中国经济大幅增长，成为世界上最先进的经济体，科学、技术、哲学和数学蓬勃发展。宋代中国是世界历史上首先发行纸币的国家。宋朝还最早使用火药并发明了活字印刷。人口增长迅速，越来越多的人住进城市，那里有热闹的娱乐场所。社会生活多种多样。人们聚集在一起观看和交易珍贵艺术品。宋朝的政府体质在当时也是先进的。政府官员均通过竞争性考试选拔任用。 The Song dynasty began from 960 and ended in 1279. During the period, China had witnessed huge growth in the economy, making it the most advanced economy in the world. Science and technology, philosophy and mathematics also flourished at that time. In the Song dynasty, China was the first country in the world to issue paper money, use gunpowder and invent movable-type printing. With rapidly increasing population, more and more people moved into the city, in which entertainment venues were very busy. People could enjoy various social life, getting together to appreciate and trade precious artworks. The Song dynasty also enjoyed an advanced government system in the world. All of the government officials were selected and appointed through the competitive examination. 翻译三   【翻译原文】 

网校：www.233.com   明朝统治中国276年，被人们描绘成人类历史上治理有序、社会稳定的最伟大的时代之一。这一时期，手工业的发展促进了市场经济和城市化。大量商品，包括酒和丝绸，都在市场销售。同时，还进口许多外国商品，如时钟和烟草。北京、南京、扬州、苏州这样的大商业中心相继形成。也是在明代，由郑和率领的船队曾到印度洋进行了七次大规模探险航行。还值得一提的是，中国文学的四大经典名著中有三部写于明朝。   【参考译文】   The Ming dynasty ruled China for 276 years, which is depicted as one of the feudal dynasties that are governed orderly and stabilized in the history. In this period, the development of handicraft promoted the market economy and urbanization. An ocean of commodities, including wine and silk, were sold on the market. Meanwhile, numerous exotic products were imported, such as clocks and tobacco. Commercial centers like Beijing, Nanjing, Yangzhou, Suzhou formed in succession. It was also in Ming dynasty that the fleet of ships led by ZhengHe expedited for seven times to the Indian Ocean on a large scale. What’s more, three of the four classical novels are written in the Ming dynasty.  Part III Reading comprehension (40 minutes)   选词填空   Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single through the center. You may not use any of the word in the bank more than once.   Let’s all stop judging people who talk to themselves. New research says that those who can’t seem to keep their inner monologues (独白) in are actually more likely to stay on task, remain ___26___ better and show improved perception capabilities. Not bad, really, for some extra muttering.   According to a series of experiments published in the Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology by professors Gary Lupyan and Daniel Swignley, the act of using verbal clues to ___27___ mental pictures helps people function quicker.   In one experiment, they showed pictures of various objects to twenty ___28___ and asked them to find just one of those, a banana. Half were ___29___ to repeat out loud what they were looking for and the other half kept their lips ___30___ . Those who talked to themselves found the banana slightly faster than those who didn’t, the researchers say. In other experiments, Lupyan and Swignley found that ___31___ the name of a common product when on the hunt for it helped quicken someone’s pace, but talking about uncommon items showed no advantage and slowed you down.   Common research has long held that talking themselves through a task helps children learn, although doing so when you’ve ___32___ matured is not a great sign of ___33___The two professors hope to refute that idea, ___34___ that just as when kids walk themselves through a process, adults can benefit from using language not just to communicate, but also to help “augment thinking”.   Of course, you are still encouraged to keep the talking at library tones and, whatever you do, keep the information you share simple, like a grocery list. At any ___35___ , there’s still such a thing as too much information. A.Apparently  B.Arrogance  C.Brilliance  D.Claiming  E.Dedicated  F.Focused  G.Incur  H.Instructed  I.Obscurely  J.Sealed  K.spectators L.Trigger  M.Uttering  N.Volume  O.Volunteers   参考答案 F) focused  L) trigger  O) volunteers  H) instructed  J) sealed  M) uttering  A) apparently  C) brilliance  D) claiming  35. N) volume   段落匹配 [A] The lives of children from rich and poor American families look more different than they have in decades. 

网校：www.233.com [B] Well-off families are ruled by calendars. with children enrolled in ballet. soccer and after-school programs, according to a new Pew Research Center survey There are usually two parents, who spend a lot of time reading to children and worrying about their anxiety levels and hectic schedules [C] In poor families. however. children tend to spend their time at home or with extended family. the survey found They are more likely to grow up in neighborhoods that their parents say aren't great for raising children. and their parents worry about them getting shot, beaten up or in trouble with the law [D] The class differences m child rearing are growing, researchers say - a symptom of widening inequality with far-reaching consequences Different upbringings set children on different paths and can deepen socioeconomic divisions. Especially because education is strongly linked to earnings Children grow up learning the skills to succeed in their socioeconomic stratum. but not necessarily others [E] "Early childhood experiences can be very consequential for children's long-term social, emotional and cognitive development." said Sean F.Reardon. professor of poverty and inequality in education at Stanford University -And because those influence educational success and later earnings. early childhood experiences cast a lifelong shadow" The cycle continues: Poorer parents have less time and fewer resources to invest in their children. which can leave children less prepared for school and work. which leads to lower earnings  [F] American parents want similar things for their children, the Pew report and past research have found: for them to be healthy and happy, honest and ethical, caring and compassionate There is no best parenting style or philosophy, researchers say, and across income groups, 92 percent of parents say they are doing a good job at raising their children. Yet they are doing it quite differently Middle-class and higher-income parents see their children as projects in need of careful cultivation, says Annette Lareau, a University of Pennsylvania sociologist whose goundbreaking research on the topic was published in her book "Unequal Childhoods: Class, Race and Family Life " They try to develop their skills through close supervision and organized activities, and teach children to question authority figures and navigate elite institutions. [G] Working-class parents, meanwhile, believe their children will naturally thrive, and give them far greater independence and time for free play They are taught to be compliant and deferential to adults There are benefits to both approaches Working-class children are happier, more independent, whine less and are closer with family members, Ms Lareau found  Higher-income children are more likely to declare boredom and expect their parents to solve their problems Yet later on, the more affluent children end up in college and en route to the middle class, while working-class children tend to struggle  Children from higher-income families are likely to have the skills to navigate bureaucracies and succeed in schools and workplaces, Ms.Lareau said [H] "Do all parents want the most success for their children? Absolutely," she said "Do some strategies give children more advantages than others in institutions? Probably they do Will parents be damaging children if they have one fewer organized activity? No, I really doubt it " [I] Social scientists say the differences arise in part because low-income parents have less money to spend on music class or preschool, and less flexible schedules to take children to museums or attend school events Extracurricular activities epitomize the differences in child rearing in the Pew survey, which was of a nationally representative sample of l,807 parents  Of families earning more than $75,000 a year, 84 percent say their children have participated in organized sports over the past year, 64 percent have done volunteer work and 62 percent have taken lessons in music, dance or art  Of families earning less than $30,000,59 percent of children have done sports, 37 percent have volunteered and 41 percent have taken arts classes [J] Especially in affluent families, children start young Nearly half of high-earning, college-graduate parents enrolled their children in arts classes before they were 5, compared with one-fifth 

网校：www.233.com oflow-income, less-educated parents. Nonetheless, 20 percent of well-off parents say their children's schedules are too hectic, compared with 8 percent of poorer parents. [K] Another example is reading aloud, which studies have shown gives children bigger vocabularies and better reading comprehension in school Seventy-one percent of parents with a college degree say they do it every day, compared with 33 percent of those with a high school diploma or less, Pew found White parents are more likely than others to read to their children daily, as are married parents Most affluent parents enroll their children in preschool or day care, while low-income parents are more likely to depend on family members  Discipline techniques vary by education level: 8 percent of those with a postgraduate degree say they often spank their children, compared with 22 percent of those with a high school degree or less [L] The survey also probed attitudes and anxieties. Interestingly, parents' attitudes toward education do not seem to reflect their own educational background as much as a belief in the importance of education for upward mobility Most American parents say they are not concerned about their children's grades as long as they work hard  But 50 percent of poor parents say it is extremely important to them that their children earn a college degree, compared with 39 percent of wealthier parents [M] Less-educated parents, and poorer and black and Latino parents are more likely to believe that there is no such thing as too much involvement in a child's education Parents who are white, wealthy or college-educated say too much involvement can be bad Parental anxieties reflect their circumstances High-earning parents are much more likely to say they live in a good neighborhood for raising children While bullying is parents: greatest concern over all, nearly half of low-income parents worry their child will get shot, compared with one-fifth of high-income parents  They are more worried about their children being depressed or anxious [N] In the Pew survey, middle-class families earning between $30,000 and $75,000 a year fell right between working-class and high-earning parents on issues like the quality of their neighborhood for raising children,participation in extracurricular activities and involvement in their children's education [O] Children were not always raised so differently The achievement gap between children from high- and low-income families is 30 percent t0 40 percent larger among children born in 2001 than those born 25 years earlier, according to Mr Reardon's research  People used to live near people of different income levels;neighborhoods are now more segregated by income  More than a quarter of children live in single-parent households - a historic high, according to Pew - and these children are three times as likely to live in poverty as those who live with married parents Meanwhile, growing income inequality has coincided with the increasing importance of a college degree for earning a middle-class wage [P] Yet there are recent signs that the gap could be starting to shrink In the past decade, even as income inequality has grown, some of the socioeconomic differences in parenting, like reading to children and going to libraries, have narrowed 36. Working-class parents teach their children to be obedient and show respect to adults. 37. American parents, whether rich or poor, have similar expectations of their children despite different ways of parenting. 38. while rich parents are more concerned with their children’s psychological well-being, poor parents are more worried about their children’s safety. 39. The increasing differences in child rearing between rich and poor families reflect growing social inequality. 40. Parenting approaches of working-class and affluent families both have advantages. 41. Higher-income families and working-class families tend to live in different neighborhoods. 42. Physical punishment is used much less by well-educated parents. 

网校：www.233.com 43. Ms. Lareau doesn’t believe participating in fewer after-class activities will negatively affect children’s development. 44. Wealthy parents are concerned about their children’s mental health and busy schedules. 45. Some socioeconomic differences in child rearing have shrunk in the past ten years.     F       G       C       D       G      M       K       H       B       P    仔细阅读 Questions 46 t0 50 are based on the following passage.    Open data-sharers are still in the minority in many fields,Although many rescarechers broadly agree that public access to raw data would accelerate science- because other scientists might be able to make advances not foreseen by the data's producers -most are reluctant to post the results of their own labours online (see Nature 461, 160-163; 2009) When Wolkovich, for instance, went hunting for the data from the 50 studies in her meta-analysis, only 8 data sets were available online, and many of the researchers whom she e-mailed refused to share their work Forced to extract data from tables or flgures in publications,Wolkovich's team could conduct only limited analyses     Some communities have agreed to share online - geneticists, for example, post DNA sequences at the GenBank repository, and astronomers are accustomed to accessing images of galaxies and stars from, say,the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, a telescope that has observed some 500 million objects - but these remain the exception, not the rule Historically, scientists have objected to sharing for many reasons: it is a lot of work; until recently, good databases did not exist; grant funders were not pushing for sharing; it has been difficult to agree on standards for formatting data and the contextual information called metadata; and there is no agreed way to assign credit for data But the barriers are disappearing in part because journals and funding agencies worldwide are encouraging scientists to make their data public. Last year, the Royal Society in London said in its report Science as an Open Enterprise that scientists need to shift away from a research culture where data is viewed as pricate preserve " Funding agencies note that data paid for with public money should be public information, and the scientific community is recognizing that data can now be shared digitally in ways that were not possible before To match the growing demand, services are springing up to make it easier to publish research products online and enable other researchers to discover and cite them   Although exhortations to share data often concentrate on the moral advantages of sharing, the practice is not purely altruistic Researchers who share get plenty of personal benefits.including more connections with colleagues,improved visibility and increased citations The most successful sharers - those whose data are downloaded and cited the most often - get noticed, and their work gets used For example, one of the most popular data sets on multidisciplinary repository Dryad is about wood density around the world; it has been downloaded 5,700 times. Co-author Amy Zanne, a biologist at George Washington University in Washington DC, thinks that users probably range from climate-change researchers wanting to estimate how much carbon is stored in biomass, to foresters looking for information on different grades of' timber "I would much prefer to have my data used by the maximum number of people to ask their own questions," she says "It's important to allow readers and reviewers to see exactly how you arrive at your results Publishing data and code allows your science to be reproducible " 46 What do many researchers generally accept? A  It is imperative to protest scientist' patents B  Repositories are essential to scientitle research C  Open data sharing is most important to medical science D.Open data sharing is conducive to scientific advancement 47  What is the attitude of most researchers towards making their own data public? A Opposed  B Ambiguous  C Liberal  D Neutral   48  According to the passage, what might hinder open data sharing" A The fear of massive copying    B  The lack of a research culture 

网校：www.233.com C.The belief that resacrch is private intellectual property D. The concern that certain agencies may make a profit out of it 49 What helps lift some of the barriers to open data sharing? A The ever-growing demand for big data     B  The advantage of digital technology C The changing attitude of journals and funders.  D  The trend of social and economic development. 50  Dryad serves as an example to show how open data sharing ___ A  is becoming increasingly popular      B benefits shares and users alike C makes researchers successful      D saves both money and labor Passage two Question 51 t0 55 are based on the following passage.      Beginning in the late sixteenth century, it became fashionable for young aristocrats to visit Europe and above all Rome, as the culmination（终极） of their classical education Thus the idea of the Grand Tour was born, a practice which introduced Englishmen, Germans, Scandinavians, and also Americans to the art and culture of France and Italy for the next 300 years.Travel was arduous and costly throughout the period.possible only for a privileged class the same that produced gentlemen scientists authors antique experts and patrons of the arts.      The Grand Tourist was typically a young man with a thorough background in Greek and Latin literature as well as some leisure time some means and some interest in art.The German traveler Johann Winckelmann pioneered the field of art history with his comprehensive study of Greek and Roman sculpture.he was portrayed by his friend Anton Raphael Mengs at the beginning of his long residence in Rome.Most Grand Tourist however stayed for briefer periods and set out with souvenirs of their travels as well as an understanding of art and architecture formed by exposure to great masterpieces. Since there were few museums anywhere in Eurpe before the end of the 18th century Grand Tourists often saw paintings and sculptures by gaining admission to private collections. and many were eager to acquire examples of Greco-Roman and Italian art for their own collections In England, where architecture was increasingly seen as an aristocratic pursuit, noblemen often applied what they learned from the villas of Palladio in Veneto and the evocative ruins of Rome to their own country houses and gardens 51 What is said about the Grand Tour? A)It was fashionable among young people of the time   B）It was unaffordable for ordinary people C)It produced some famous European artists    D)It made a compulsory part of college education 52 What did Grand Tourists have in common? A)They had much geographic knowledge         B)They were courageous and venturesome C)They were couragcous and venturesome       D)They had enough travel and outdoor-life experience 53 How did Grand Tourists benefit from their travel? A)They found inspiration in the world's greatest masterpieces B)They got a better understanding of early human civilization C)They developed an interest in the origin of modern art forms D)They gained some knowledge of classical art and architecture 54 Why did many Grand Tourists visit the private collections? A)They could buy unique souvenirs there to take back home B)Europe hardly had any museums before 19th century C)They found the antiques there more valuable D)Private collections were of greater variety 55 How dis the Grand Tour influence the architecture in England? A)There appeared more and more Roman-style buildings B)Many aristocrats began to move into Roman-style villas C)Aristocrats' country houses all had Roman-style gardens 

网校：www.233.com D)Italian architects were hired to design houses and gardens 参考答案 46. D) Open data sharing is conducive to scientific advancement. 47. A) Opposed. 48. C) The belief that research data is private intellectual property. 49. C) The changing attitude of journals and funders. 50. B) benefits sharers and users alike 51. [B] It was unaffordable for ordinary people. 52. [C] They were versed in literature and interested in art. 53. [D] They gained some knowledge of classical art and architecture. 54. [B] Europe hardly had any museums before the 19th century. 55. [A] There appeared more and more Roman-style buildings.  Part III Reading comprehension (40 minutes) Section A Let’s all stop judging people who talk to themselves. New research says that those who can’t seem to keeptheir inner monologues (独白) in are actually more likely to stay on task, remain 26 better and show  improved perception capabilities. Not bad, really, for some extra muttering.  According to a series of experiments published in the Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology by  professors Gary Lupyan and Daniel Swignley, the act of using verbal clues to 27 mental pictures  helps people function quicker.   In one experiment, they showed pictures of various objects to twenty 28 and asked them to find just  one of those, a banana. Half were 29 to repeat out loud what they were looking for and the other half  kept their lips 30 . Those who talked to themselves found the banana slightly faster than those who  didn’t, the researchers say. In other experiments, Lupyan and Swignley found that 31 the name of a  common product when on the hunt for it helped quicken someone’s pace, but talking about uncommon items showed no advantage and slowed you down.   Common research has long held that talking themselves through a task helps children learn, although doing  so when you’ve 32 matured is not a great sign of 33 . The two professors hope to refute that idea,  34 that just as when kids walk themselves through a process, adults can benefit from using language not  just to communicate, but also to help “augment thinking”.   Of course, you are still encouraged to keep the talking at library tones and, whatever you do, keep the  information you share simple, like a grocery list. At any 35 , there’s still such a thing as too much  information.   A) apparently I) obscurely B) arrogance J) sealed C) brilliance K) spectators D) claiming L) trigger E) dedicated M) uttering F) focused N) volume G) incur O) volunteers H) instructed Section B Class Differences in Child-Rearing Are on the Rise [A] The lives of children from rich and poor American families look more different than they have in decades. [B] Well-off families are ruled by calendars, with children enrolled in ballet, soccer and after-school programs, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. There are usually two parents, who spend a lot of time reading to children and worrying about their anxiety levels and hectic schedules. 

网校：www.233.com [C] In poor families, however, children tend to spend their time at home or with extended family, the survey found. They are more likely to grow up in neighborhoods that their parents say aren’t great for raising children, and their parents worry about them getting shot, beaten up or in trouble with the law. [D] The class differences in child rearing are growing, researchers say ― a symptom of widening inequality with far-reaching consequences. Different upbringings set children on different paths and can deepen socioeconomic divisions, especially because education is strongly linked to earnings. Children grow up learning the skills to succeed in their socioeconomic stratum, but not necessarily others. [E] “Early childhood experiences can be very consequential for children’s long-term social, emotional and cognitive development,” said Sean F. Reardon, professor of poverty and inequality in education at Stanford University. “And because those influence educational success and later earnings, early childhood experiences cast a lifelong shadow.” The cycle continues: Poorer parents have less time and fewer resources invest in their children, which can leave children less prepared for school and work, which leads to lower earnings. [F] American parents want similar things for their children, the Pew report and past research have found: for them to be healthy and happy, honest and ethical, caring and compassionate. There is no best parenting style or philosophy, researchers say, and across income groups, 92 percent of parents say they are doing a good job at raising their children. Yet they are doing it quite differently. Middle-class and higher-income parents see their children as projects in need of careful cultivation, says Annette Lareau, a University of Pennsylvania sociologist whose groundbreaking research on the topic was published in her book “Unequal Childhoods: Class, Race and Family Life.” They try to develop their skills through close supervision and organized activities, and teach children to question authority figures and navigate elite institutions. [G] Working-class parents, meanwhile, believe their children will naturally thrive, and give them far greater independence and time for free play. They are taught to be compliant and deferential to adults. There are benefits to both approaches. Working-class children are happier, more independent, whine less and are closer with family members, Ms. Lareau found. Higher-income children are more likely to declare boredom and expect their parents to solve their problems. Yet later on, the more affluent children end up in college and en route to the middle class, while working-class children tend to struggle. Children from higher-income families are likely to have the skills to navigate bureaucracies and succeed in schools and workplaces, Ms. Lareau said.       [H] “Do all parents want the most success for their children? Absolutely,” she said. “Do some strategies give children more advantages than others in institutions? Probably they do. Will parents be damaging children if they have one fewer organized activity? No, I really doubt it.” [I] Social scientists say the differences arise in part because low-income parents have less money to spend on music class or preschool, and less flexible schedules to take children to museums or attend school events. Extracurricular activities epitomize the differences in child rearing in the Pew survey, which was of a nationally representative sample of 1,807 parents. Of families earning more than $75,000 a year, 84 percent say their children have participated in organized sports over the past year, 64 percent have done volunteer work and 62 percent have taken lessons in music, dance or art. Of families earning less than $30,000, 59 percent of children have done sports, 37 percent have volunteered and 41 percent have taken arts classes. [J] Especially in affluent families, children start young. Nearly half of high-earning, college-graduate parents enrolled their children in arts classes before they were 5, compared with one-fifth of low-income, less-educated parents. Nonetheless, 20 percent of well-off parents say their children’s schedules are too hectic, compared with 8 percent of poorer parents. [K] Another example is reading aloud, which studies have shown gives children bigger vocabularies and better reading comprehension in school. Seventy-one percent of parents with a college degree say they do it every day, compared with 33 percent of those with a high school diploma or less, 

网校：www.233.com Pew found. White parents are more likely than others to read to their children daily, as are married parents. Most affluent parents enroll their children in preschool or day care, while low-income parents are more likely to depend on family members. Discipline techniques vary by education level: 8 percent of those with a postgraduate degree say they often spank their children, compared with 22 percent of those with a high school degree or less.  [L] The survey also probed attitudes and anxieties. Interestingly, parents’ attitudes toward education do not seem to reflect their own educational background as much as a belief in the importance of education for upward mobility. Most American parents say they are not concerned about their children’s grades as long as they work hard. But 50 percent of poor parents say it is extremely important to them that their children earn a college degree, compared with 39 percent of wealthier parents. [M] Less-educated parents, and poorer and black and Latino parents are more likely to believe that there is no such thing as too much involvement in a child’s education. Parents who are white, wealthy or college-educated say too much involvement can be bad. Parental anxieties reflect their circumstances.    High-earning parents are much more likely to say they live in a good neighborhood for raising children. While bullying is parents’ greatest concern over all, nearly half of low-income parents worry their child will get shot, compared with one-fifth of high-income parents. They are more worried about their children being depressed or anxious.  [N] In the Pew survey, middle-class families earning between $30,000 and $75,000 a year fell right between working-class and high-earning parents on issues like the quality of their neighborhood for raising children, participation in extracurricular activities and involvement in their children’s education. [O] Children were not always raised so differently. The achievement gap between children from high- and low-income families is 30 percent to 40 percent larger among children born in 2001 than those born 25 years earlier, according to Mr. Reardon’s research. People used to live near people of different income levels; neighborhoods are now more segregated by income. More than a quarter of children live in single-parent households ― a historic high, according to Pew C and these children are three times as likely to live in poverty as those who live with married parents. Meanwhile, growing income inequality has coincided with the increasing importance of a college degree for earning a middle-class wage. [P] Yet there are recent signs that the gap could be starting to shrink. In the past decade, even as income inequality has grown, some of the socioeconomic differences in parenting, like reading to children and going to libraries, have narrowed. 36. Working-class parents teach their children to be obedient and show respect to adult. 37. American parents, whether rich or poor, have similar expectations of their children despite different ways of parents. 38. While rich parents are more concerned with their children’s psychological well-being, poor parents are more worried about their children’s safety. 39. The increasing differences in child rearing between rich and poor families reflect growing social inequality. 40. Parenting approaches of working-class and affluent families both have advantages. 41. Higher-income families and working-class families now tend to live in different neighborhoods. 42. Physical punishment is used much less by well-educated parents. 43. Ms. Lareau doesn’t believe participating in fewer after-class activists will negatively affect children’s development. 44. Wealthy parents are concerned about their children’s mental health and busy schedules. 45. Some socioeconomic differences in child rearing have shrunk in the past ten years.  Section C  

网校：www.233.com Open data sharers are still in the minority in many fields. Although many researchers broadly agree that public access to raw data would accelerate science, most are reluctant to post the results of their own labors online.  Some communities have agreed to share online-geneticists, for example, post DNA sequences at the GenBank repository(库)， and astronomers are accustomed to accessing images of galaxies and stars from, say the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, a telescope that has observed some 500 million objects―but these remain the exception, not the rule. Historically, scientist have objected to sharing for many reasons: it is a lot of work; until recently, good databases did not exist; grant funders were not pushing for sharing; it has been difficult to agree on standards for formatting data; and there is no agreed way to assign credit for data. But the barriers are disappearing, in part because journals and funding agencies worldwide are encouraging scientists to make their data public. Last year, the Royal Society in London said in its report that scientists need to “shift away from a research culture where data is viewed as a private preserve”. Funding agencies note that data paid for with public money should be public information, and the scientific community is recognizing that data can now be shared digitally in ways that were not possible before. To match the growing demand, services are springing up to make it easier to publish research products online and enable other researchers to discover and cite them.    Although calls to share data often concentrate on the moral advantages of sharing, the practice is not purely altruistic(利他的). Researchers who share get plenty of personal benefits, including more connections with colleagues, improved visibility and increased citations. The most successful shares ― those whose data are downloaded and cited the most often ― get noticed, and their work gets used. For example, one of the most popular data sets on multidisciplinary repository Dryad is about wood density around the world, it has been downloaded 5,700 times, Co-author Amy Zanne thinks that users probably range from climate-change researchers wanting to estimate how much carbon is stored in biomass, to foresters looking for information on different grades of timber. “I’d much prefer to have my data used by the maximum number of people to ask their own questions,” she says, “It’s important to allow readers and reviewers to see exactly how you arrive at your results. Publishing data and code allows your science to be reproducible.”  46. What do many researchers generally accept? A) It is imperative to protest scientists’ patents. B) Repositories are essential to scientific research. C) Open data sharing is most important to medical science. D) Open data sharing is conductive to scientific advancement. 47. What is the attitude of most researchers towards making their own data public? A) Opposed B) Ambiguous C) Liberal D) Neutral 48. According to the passage, what might hinder open data sharing? A) The fear of massive copying. B) The lack of a research culture. C) The belief that research data is private intellectual property. D) The concern that certain agencies may make a profit out of it. 49. What helps lift some of the barriers to open data sharing? A) The ever-growing demand for big data. B) The advancement of digital technology. C) The changing attitude of journals and funders. D) The trend of social and economic development. 50. Dryad serves as an example to show how open data sharing_______. A) is becoming increasingly popular B) benefits sharers and users alike C) makes researchers successful D) saves both money and labor Passage Two 

网校：www.233.com Beginning in the late sixteenth century, it became fashionable for young aristocrats to visit Paris, Venice, Florence, and above all. Rome, as the culmination (终极) of their classical education. Thus was born the idea of the Grand Tour, a practice which introduced Englishmen, Germans, Scandinavians, and also Americans to the art and culture of France and Italy for the next 300 years. Travel was arduous and costly throughout the period, possible only for a privileged class―the same that produced gentlemen scientists, authors, antique experts, and patrons of the arts.  The Grand Tourist was typically a young man with a thorough grounding in Greek and Latin literature as well as some leisure time, some means, and some interest in art. The German traveler Johann Winckelmann pioneered the field of art history with his comprehensive study if Greek and Roman sculpture; he was portrayed by his friend Anton Raphael Mengs at the beginning of his long residence in Rome. Most Grand Tourists, however, stayed for briefer periods and set out with souvenirs of their travels as well as an understanding of art and architecture formed by exposure to great masterpieces. Since there were few museums anywhere in Europe before the close of the eighteenth century, Grand Tourists often saw paintings and sculptures by gaining admission to private collections, and many were eager to acquire examples of Greco-Roman and Italian art for their own collections. In England, where architecture was increasingly seen as an aristocratic pursuit, noblemen often applied what they learned from the villas of Palladio in the Veneto and the evocative (唤起会议的) ruins of Rome to their own country houses and gardens.    51. What is said about the Grand Tour? A) It was fashionable among young people of the time. B) It was unaffordable for ordinary people. C) It produced some famous European artists. D) It made a compulsory part of college education. 52. What did Grand Tourists have in common? A) They had much geographic knowledge. B) They were courageous and venturesome. C) They were versed in literature and interested in art. D) They had enough travel and outdoor-life experience. 53. How did Grand Tourists benefit from their travel? A) They found inspiration in the world’s greatest masterpieces. B) They got a better understanding of early human civilization. C) They developed an interest in the origin of modern art forms. D) They gained some knowledge of classical art and architecture. 54. Why did many Grand Tourists visit the private collections? A) They could buy unique souvenirs there to take back home. B) Europe hardly had any museums before the 19th century. C) They found the antiques there more valuable. D) Private collections were of greater variety. 55. How did the Grand Tour influence the architecture in England? A) There appeared more and more Roman-style buildings. B) Many aristocrats began to move into Roman-style villas. C) Aristocrats’ country houses all had Roman-style gardens. D) Italian architects were hired to design houses and gardens.  26. F focused 专注的 ,are actually more likely to stay on task, remain (,) better, 根据 remain,better, remain 是系动词，可判断此空填表语，由形容词或者可作形容词的过去分词来充 当，再根据前面的 stay on task(专注于任务)，与之应表达相似的含义，可推断此处为 remain focused 

网校：www.233.com better(更好地集中注意力)。意思为“实际上更专注于任务，能更好地集中精力”。 27. L trigger 触发 ,the act of using verbal clues to (,) mental pictures helps people function quicker. 前面出现 to，可判断此空填动词原形，只有 G. incur（招致，多接负面词汇）和 L. trigger （触发）是动词，这句话的动词为 helps，说明“,mental pictures” 这件事是有积极意义的，因 incur 带有消极色彩,可排除。故此处填 trigger。意思为“采用语言提示可以触发记忆图像来帮助人们更快地行动”。 28. O volunteers 志愿者 In one experiment , to twenty (,) 由 twenty 可判断此空填复数名词，只有 K. spectators(观察者)和 O. volunteers (志愿者)是复数名词, 因为前面是 in one experiment 在实验中，所以此空是参加实验的对象，带入 showed pictures to ,（把图片给,,看），故此处填 volunteers。 29. H instructed 指导 30. J sealed 封闭 Half were (,) to repeat out loud,and the other half kept their lips (,) 第一个空使用了被动语态，故此空填过去分词，H. instructed (指导)和 J. sealed(封闭)，带入推断第一个空填 instructed.第二个空， Keep 是系动词，第二个空充当表语，根据句子结构 half,and the other half,,此处与 repeatout loud 大声读出声是相反的,是不发出声音的，故为 keep lips sealed(闭上嘴)。意思为“一半人收到指示，要大声读出来，另一半人闭上嘴”。 31. M uttering 说出 that (,) the name of , helped quicken someone’s pace,, but talking about uncommon items ,可判断此空充当 that 从句的主语，此空应为动名词充当主语。后半句为 but talking about uncommonitems, 与前半句,the name of a common product 形成对比，此处填与 talking about 意思相近形式相同的动词，且故选 uttering。  意思为“说出普通物品的名称,,,但谈论不一般的物品,,”。 32. A apparently 显然  33. C brilliance 才智 doing so when you’ve (,) matured is not a great sign of (,)可判断此空填副词，A. apparently (显然地) 和I. obscurely(模糊地)，带入when you’ve ,matured(当你,成熟)，故选 apparently.可判断此空填名词，B. arrogance(傲慢)，C. brilliance(才华)，N. volume(音量)，带入 a great sign of ,(,,的表象)，故选 brilliance。意思为“当你明显成熟了，这样做不是太聪明的表现”。 34. D claiming 声称 这句话句已有谓语动词 hope, 且空格之前有逗号，可判断此空应该是非谓语，动作是主动发出的，所 以是非谓语动词的主动形式。 35. N volume 音量 可判断此空填名词，at any volume 以任何音量。 Section B 【解析】  36. G  37. F   38.  M   39.   D   40. G  41.   O   42. K   43. H   44. B   45.   P    Section C Passage One 46.答案：D. Open data sharing is conducive to scientific advancement.定位词：many researchers 和 accept定位句：many researchers broadly(=generally) agree(accept) than public access to raw data would acceleratescience解析：Open data sharing=public access to raw data／原词重现 science 47. 答案：A. opposed定位词：most researchers 和 making their own data public定位句：Historically, most scientists(=most researchers)have objected to sharing(making their own datapublic) for many reasons.解析：objected to=opposed 48. 答案：C. The belief that research data is private intellectual property.定位词：open data sharing 和 hinder定位句：But the barriers(=hinder) are disappearing, in part because journals and funding agencies worldwideare encouraging scientist to make their data public(=open data sharing).解析：定位句无答案，故往后文看 scientists need to “shift away from a research culture where data is viewed as a private preserve.”其中原词重现 data／private 同义替换 The belief=the culture 49.答案：C. The changing attitude of journals and funders.定位词：lift some of the barriers 和 open data sharing定位句：But the barriers(=hinder) are disappearing（=lift）, in part because 

网校：www.233.com journals and funding agenciesworldwide are encouraging scientist to make their data public(=open data sharing).解析：原词重现 journals／funding agencies 50.答案：B. benefits sharers and users alike定位词：Dryad 和 open data sharing定位句：由于是例证题，答案多在定位词前面，故定位到 the practice is not purely altruistic（利他的）.解析：意思转化 not purely altruistic= benefits sharers and users alike Passage Two 51. 答案： B  It was unaffordable for ordinary people.此题为推理题，题干关键词是 Grand Tour，据此定位到原文“,Thus was born the idea of the GrandTour,”。答案句在定位词附近，随后原文提到“Travel was arduous and costly,， possible only for aprivileged class”,即：旅游太贵了，可能只有特权阶层的人才可享有。由此可推断出：普通人无法支付得起，B 选项符合文意。A 选项的错误之处在于概念扩大，将原文的“young aristocrats（年轻贵族）”扩大成了“young people（年轻人）”；C 选项的错误之处在于将原文的“introduce（引入）”替换成了“produce（产生）”；D 选项的错误之处在于“compulsory part of college education（大学教育的义务部分）”无中生有。  52. 答案：C  They were versed in literature and interested in art.此题为细节题，题干关键词是 Grand Tourists，明确题干问的是 in common（共同特征），据此定位到原文“Grand Tourist was typically,”。在这里，typically与in common意思对应，故答案句为后面“a youngman with a thorough grounding in Greek and Latin literature , and some interest in art”，即：精通希腊和拉丁文学，,,对艺术有兴趣。C 选项提到了 literature and art，且“were versed in”与“with a thoroughgrounding in”同义替换，“interested”与“interest”对应，C 选项符合文意。A 选项的错误之处在于“geographic knowledge（地理知识）”无中生有；B 选项“courageous and venturesome（勇敢且具有冒险精神）”无中生有；D 项“travel and outdoor-life experience（旅行和户外活动经历）”无中生有。 53．答案：D They gained some knowledge of classical art and architecture.此题为细节题，题干关键词是 Grand Tourists，明确题干问的是旅游的“benefit（好处）”，据此定位到原文“Most Grand Tourists, however, ,, and expected to return home with souvenirs of their travels as wellas an understanding of art and architecture formed by exposure to great masterpieces”。由此可知，好处之一是通过作品来理解艺术和建筑，D 选项提到了 art and architecture，且“gain some knowledge”对应原文“understanding”。A 选项的错误之处在于“inspiration（灵感）”无中生有；B 选项的错误之处在于概念扩大，将原文的“art and architecture”扩大成了“early human civilization（早期人类文明）”；C 选项的错误之处在于“orgin of modern art forms（现代艺术形式的起源）”无中生有。 54. 答案：B  Europe hardly had any museums before the 19th century.此题为细节题，题干关键词是 Grand Tourists, private collections,明确题干问的是“why（原因）”，据此定位到原文“Since there were few museums anywhere in Europe before the close of the eighteenth century,Grand Tourists often saw paintings and sculptures by gaining admission to private collections, and many were eager to ,”。此句中 since 表原因，因为在十八世纪末之前，欧洲没有博物馆。B 选项：“before the 19th century（在 19 世纪之前）”，与原文时间一致,“hardly had any museums”“没有博物馆”，与原文意思一致，故 B 项正确。A 选项“buy unique souvenirs（买独特的纪念品）”在前文提及，没有回答原因，不在答案句范围内。C 选项不在答案句范围内；D 选项“私人收藏品具有更大的多样性”，无中生有。 55．答案： A  There appeared more and more Roman-style buildings.此题为细节题，题干关键词是architecture in England, 明确题干问的是Grand Tour的influence （影响），据此定位到原文“In England, where architecture ,,”这句话。“noblemen applied what they learnedfrom, and the evocative ruins of Rome to their own country houses and gardens.”，即：一些贵族把罗马废墟式的风格应用到了他们自己国家的房子和花园中， A 选项“There appeared more and moreRoman-style buildings”和原文意思相符，为正确选项。B 选项：“move into Roman-style villas（搬到了具有罗马风格的别墅）”无中生有； C 选项“all”表述过于绝对；D 选项“意大利建筑师被雇佣去设计房子和花园”，无中生有。 